CMP-4076: Compliance Operator 1.8.2 Release Note (#105592)
openshift/openshift-docs: security/compliance_operator/compliance-operator-release-notes.adoc

For more information on compliance support for all Red{nbsp}Hat products, see link:https://access.redhat.com/compliance[Product Compliance].

[id="compliance-operator-release-notes-1-8-2_{context}"]
== OpenShift Compliance Operator 1.8.2

The following advisory is available for the OpenShift Compliance Operator 1.8.2:

* link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2026:XXXX[RHSA-2026:XXXX - OpenShift Compliance Operator 1.8.2 bug fix and enhancement update]

[id="compliance-operator-1-8-2-bug-fixes_{context}"]
=== Bug Fixes

> *  Before this release, Compliance Operator used gnupg. Because a potential security threat has been identified in gnupg, this release of Compliance Operator mitigates the threat by using gnupg2. It is recommended that customers upgrade to this version of Compliance Operator. For more information, see (link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/cve-2025-68973[CVE-2025-68973]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  A potential security threat has been identified in gnupg2, which is part of the base image used by Compliance Operator. This release mitigates the threat by updating gnupg2. It is recommended that customers upgrade to this version of Compliance Operator. For more information, see (link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/cve-2025-68973[CVE-2025-68973]).
```
CO doesn't directly use gnupg2.
Also, not sure if it makes sense to mention the base image.
